Readme.md, before:

## React.js

  - [Official Blog with plenty of links](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/all.html)
  - [Docs](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/reconciliation.html)
  - [Google Plus Account](https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/114822536557370957541)
  - [ReactJSNews](https://twitter.com/ReactJSNews)
  - [React Component List](http://dvemac.github.io/react-component-list/)

## Why

  - http://www.phpied.com/remarkable-react/
  - [What is React - 2014.03 workshop notes](http://www.dustingetz.com/2014/03/16/react-into-workshop-notes.html)
  - http://www.lispcast.com/react-another-level-of-indirection
  - [Functional DOM programming](https://medium.com/p/67d81637d43)
  - [Khan Academy - Backbon -> React](http://joelburget.com/backbone-to-react/)
  - [Templates Are Functions](http://brehaut.net/blog/2012/templates_are_functions)


## Companies that use React.js
  - Facebook (duh)
  - Instagram
  - Khan Academy
  - Sberbank (Russian Bank)
  - [NY Times - Red Carpet](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/02/02/fashion/red-carpet-project.html?)

## Flux
  - [Understanding Flux, 2014.05](https://medium.com/@garychambers108/f93e9f650af7)
  - [Flux: An Application Architecture for React, 2014.05](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2014/05/06/flux.html)
  - [Discussion on HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7719957)

## Articles
  - [Simplifying Code with React - KEVIN DANGOOR, 2014.05](http://www.kevindangoor.com/2014/05/simplifying-code-with-react/)
  - [React.js with Django, 2014.05](http://blog.vrplumber.com/b/2014/05/15/reactjs-django/)
  - [Removing User Interface Complexity, or Why React is Awesome - 2014.05](http://jlongster.com/Removing-User-Interface-Complexity,-or-Why-React-is-Awesome) + [Hacker News Discussion](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7738194)
  - [Flux: An Application Architecture for React - 2014.05](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2014/05/06/flux.html)
  - [React PhoneCat: Rewriting the AngularJS Tutorial App in React - 2014.05](http://jgebhardt.github.io/blog/react-phonecat/)
  - [A Thrown-to-the-Wolves-Hands-On Introduction to React Part 2 (2014.05.05)](http://tech.pro/blog/2044/a-thrown-to-the-wolves-hands-on-introduction-to-react-part-2)
  - [React - Another Level of Indirection](http://www.lispcast.com/react-another-level-of-indirection)
  - HackerNews discussions:
    - [The Road to React 1.0 - 2014.03](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7489959)
  - [React Demystified - 2014.02](http://blog.reverberate.org/2014/02/react-demystified.html)
  - [Architecting Your App with React - Part 1, 2014.03](http://lincolnloop.com/blog/architecting-your-app-react-part-1/)
  - [JSConf.eu - React: Rethinking best practices, 2013.12](http://juristr.com/blog/2013/12/react-rethingking-best-practices/)
  - [Writing good React components, 2013.12](http://blog.whn.se/post/69621609605/writing-good-react-components)
  - [Remarkable React, 2013.08](http://www.phpied.com/remarkable-react/)
  - [Facebook React Example – QuizTime, 2013.09](http://bold-it.com/javascript/facebook-react-example/)




## Videos
  - [YUI Open Roundtable with Pete Hunt on React, 2014.05](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLfe0i2RDtY&feature=youtu.be)
  - [Hacker Way: Rethinking Web App Development at Facebook - FLUX  + React.js (2014.05.04)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYkdrAPrdcw&list=PLb0IAmt7-GS188xDYE-u1ShQmFFGbrk0v)
  - [Be Predictable, Not Correct - MountainWest JavaScript 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3KksH8gfcQ)
  - [Be predictable, not correct - 2014.03](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7A6EUe3XGM)
  - [Tom Occhino and Jordan Walke - Introduction to React.js- 2013.07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxVg_s8xAms)
  - [Pete Hunt: React: Rethinking best practices -- JSConf EU 2013](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7cQ3mrcKaY&feature=youtu.be)
  - [Joe Dev on Tech - Stoyan Stefanov - Introduction to React](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMMRJif5QW0) 18:07(simple example)
  - [Super VanJS 2013: Steven Luscher - Developing UI with React.js](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=1OeXsL5mr4g)


## Presentations
  - [Components, not Templates, Paulo Ragonha - 2014.05](http://paulo.ragonha.me/talks/react/)
  - [Conquering State, 2014.05](https://speakerdeck.com/matthewwithanm/conquering-state)
  - [Reactjs - Build UI Change over Time, 2014.03](http://prezi.com/pa3wb_qibajw/reactjs-build-ui-change-over-times/)
  - [The case for React.js and Clojurescript - 2014.05](http://murilopereira.com/the-case-for-reactjs-and-clojurescript/)
  - [React.js - The DOM as a Persistent Data Structure, 2014.03](https://github.com/zerokarmaleft/reactjs-presentation/blob/master/reactjs-the-dom-as-a-persistent-data-structure.pdf?raw=true)
  - http://www.phpied.com/files/react/slides.html
  - http://slid.es/johnlynch/reactjs
  - [Frontend Components in React, 2013.10](http://rz.scale-it.pl/2013/10/20/frontend_components_in_react.html)
  - [Slides for MIT class, 2014](http://6.470.scripts.mit.edu/2014/slides/React-MIT.pdf)


## Real Projects

  - https://instantdomainsearch.com/
  - http://bripkens.github.io/relato/
  - https://turbo-react.herokuapp.com/
  - http://react-bootstrap.github.io/


## Tutorials
  - [Tutorials on medium.com for React.js](https://medium.com/react-tutorials)
  - [Thinking in React, 2013.11](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2013/11/05/thinking-in-react.html)
  - [Building a real-time frosted glass effect on mobile web](https://medium.com/p/87ce4a41019f)
  - http://www.thomasboyt.com/2013/12/17/using-reactjs-as-a-backbone-view.html
  - http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660
  - http://www.webdesignporto.com/react-js-with-backbone-router-and-local-storage/
  - [Bi-directional infinite scrolling](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20870448/reactjs-modeling-bi-directional-infinite-scrolling/20872497#20872497)


## GITHUB
  - https://github.com/reactjs/react-magic.git
  - https://github.com/chenglou/react-lights-out.git
  - https://github.com/jalehman/react-tutorial-om.git
  - https://github.com/facebook/react-page.git
  - https://github.com/facebook/react-page-middleware.git
  - https://github.com/ssorallen/turbo-react.git


## Testing
  - http://myshareoftech.com/2013/12/unit-testing-react-dot-js-with-jasmine-and-karma.html
  - http://www.jjask.com/512799/how-simulate-browser-events-when-writing-tests-for-react-js
  - https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/src/test/ReactTestUtils.js


## React.js VS ...
  - http://www.quora.com/Pete-Hunt/Posts/Facebooks-React-vs-AngularJS-A-Closer-Look
  - http://www.dustingetz.com/2013/09/12/comparison-knockout-angular-react.html


## React With Rails
  - http://bensmithett.com/server-rendered-react-components-in-rails/
  - https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/reactjs/eUespJPdyas/hmJywyo9ZSwJ
  - https://github.com/bensmithett/sample-react-rails-app


## React + Coffee
  - http://blog.vjeux.com/2013/javascript/react-coffeescript.html
  - https://github.com/atom/react-coffee
  - https://github.com/elucidata/react-tags-brunch
  - https://github.com/darthapo/new-react-simple




<!-- PROJECTS_LIST_START -->
    *** GENERATED BY https://github.com/mindreframer/techwatcher (ruby _sh/pull reactjs-stuff) *** 

    andreypopp/react-async:
      Async rendering for React components
       90 commits, last change: 2014-04-01 22:45:30, 44 stars, 8 forks

    andreypopp/react-quickstart:
      React project template with server-side UI rendering and routing
       40 commits, last change: 2014-02-27 20:48:09, 112 stars, 14 forks

    andreypopp/react-router-component:
      Declarative router component for React
       276 commits, last change: 2014-04-10 11:41:19, 145 stars, 22 forks

    andreypopp/react-stylesheet:
      A component for React to declare stylesheet dependencies for your reusable components
       29 commits, last change: 2014-03-05 01:53:22 +0100, 2 stars, 3 forks

    arudenko/ReactjsUnitTest:
      Unit Testing React.js with Jasmine and Karma
       20 commits, last change: , 8 stars, 1 forks

    atom/react-coffee:
      Can react play nicely with CoffeeScript? I think it can.
       16 commits, last change: 2014-03-16 20:07:33, 95 stars, 3 forks

    atom/reactionary:
      Basic helpers for building React DOM nodes in CoffeeScript.
       12 commits, last change: 2014-03-27 21:19:26, 8 stars, 2 forks

    augustl/react-nashorn-example:
      A poc of rendering a React single page app on the server for the initial page load.
       40 commits, last change: 2014-03-22 12:56:13, 54 stars, 4 forks

    bensmithett/sample-react-rails-app:
      Sample Rails app with server-rendered React components
       10 commits, last change: 2014-05-09 19:12:08, 6 stars, 1 forks

    bgerm/react-table-sorter-demo:
      A React.js Table Sorter Component
       9 commits, last change: 2014-01-02 01:15:27, 16 stars, 1 forks

    BinaryMuse/imgsible:
      React-based Imgur-like isomorphic demo app
       52 commits, last change: 2014-03-22 22:13:55, 14 stars, 1 forks

    BoldBigflank/qtserver:
      Qu.izti.me - Buffalo Wild Wings style trivia for everywhere
       45 commits, last change: 2013-05-19 13:16:27, 1 stars, 0 forks

    bripkens/relato:
      Open Source Project Statistics
       20 commits, last change: , 10 stars, 0 forks

    capacitorjs/capacitor:
      Reactive MVC based on event streams
       57 commits, last change: 2014-05-12 11:15:05 -0700, 11 stars, 1 forks

    chenglou/react-lights-out:
      Simple demo of the React framework's power and flexibility.
       9 commits, last change: , 9 stars, 1 forks

    darthapo/new-react-simple:
      Simple ReactJS + CoffeeScript skeleton includes: react-brunch, react-brunch-tags, elucidata-react-coffee
       5 commits, last change: 2014-03-21 10:22:16, 3 stars, 0 forks

    dbashford/MimosaReactBackboneTodoList:
      A Mimosa skeleton integrating React, Backbone, Require.js, and Bower.
       4 commits, last change: , 0 stars, 0 forks

    duncanbeevers/jade-react:
      Compile Jade templates to React.DOM expressions
       40 commits, last change: 2014-02-16 20:29:28, 43 stars, 5 forks

    elucidata/react-tags-brunch:
      Adds React.js tag interpolation to brunch.
       5 commits, last change: , 2 stars, 1 forks

    insin/newforms-examples:
      Examples repository for newforms / React
       19 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 19:19:04, 1 stars, 0 forks

    insin/newforms:
      Isomorphic form-handling for React
       639 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 17:26:04, 71 stars, 3 forks

    jaredly/github-issues-viewer:
      A gitub issues viewer build in react + backbone
       28 commits, last change: 2014-01-05 01:23:33, 27 stars, 5 forks

    jgebhardt/react-phonecat:
      Rewrite of the Angular tutorial in React
       13 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 11:23:45, 4 stars, 0 forks

    jsdf/coffee-jsx-transformer:
      moved to coffee-react-transform
       2 commits, last change: , 0 stars, 0 forks

    jsdf/coffee-react-transform:
      Provides React JSX support for Coffeescript
       46 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 22:43:03 +0800, 29 stars, 2 forks

    Khan/perseus:
      Perseus is Khan Academy's new exercise question editor and renderer.
       787 commits, last change: 2014-05-13 14:15:25, 75 stars, 29 forks

    matthewwithanm/react-mediaswitch:
      Choose your DOM based on media queries
       13 commits, last change: 2014-03-27 02:52:17, 26 stars, 0 forks

    mquan/cortex:
      A javascript library for centrally managing data with React
       90 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 05:13:43, 161 stars, 10 forks

    petehunt/react-touch:
      React photo viewer for mobile
       135 commits, last change: 2013-12-09 00:43:58, 133 stars, 7 forks

    petehunt/wolfenstein3D-react:
      html5-wolfenstein3D
       18 commits, last change: 2013-08-23 03:28:33, 7 stars, 7 forks

    prometheusresearch/react-autocomplete:
      Autocomplete widget based on Facebook React
       3 commits, last change: 2014-04-30 12:40:19 +0400, 4 stars, 1 forks

    prometheusresearch/react-grid:

       10 commits, last change: 2014-04-30 12:37:43 +0400, 9 stars, 0 forks

    ryanseddon/react-frame-component:
      Render your React app to an iFrame
       16 commits, last change: 2014-05-19 20:08:56 +1000, 2 stars, 1 forks

    stevoland/react-bootstrap:
      Bootstrap 3 components built with React
       217 commits, last change: 2014-05-13 11:39:15, 223 stars, 20 forks

    wingspan/wingspan-forms:
      a dynamic form library for Facebook React, providing abstractions for building dynamic forms and controlled grids. Widgets provided by Telerik's KendoUI.
       381 commits, last change: 2014-05-12 12:32:17, 56 stars, 4 forks

    yanns/react-unit-test:
      Unit Test a ReactJS application
       14 commits, last change: , 2 stars, 0 forks
<!-- PROJECTS_LIST_END -->

Commit message:

Rendering to iFrames in React

Readme.md, after:

## React.js

  - [Official Blog with plenty of links](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/all.html)
  - [Docs](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/reconciliation.html)
  - [Google Plus Account](https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/114822536557370957541)
  - [ReactJSNews](https://twitter.com/ReactJSNews)
  - [React Component List](http://dvemac.github.io/react-component-list/)

## Why

  - http://www.phpied.com/remarkable-react/
  - [What is React - 2014.03 workshop notes](http://www.dustingetz.com/2014/03/16/react-into-workshop-notes.html)
  - http://www.lispcast.com/react-another-level-of-indirection
  - [Functional DOM programming](https://medium.com/p/67d81637d43)
  - [Khan Academy - Backbon -> React](http://joelburget.com/backbone-to-react/)
  - [Templates Are Functions](http://brehaut.net/blog/2012/templates_are_functions)


## Companies that use React.js
  - Facebook (duh)
  - Instagram
  - Khan Academy
  - Sberbank (Russian Bank)
  - [NY Times - Red Carpet](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/02/02/fashion/red-carpet-project.html?)

## Flux
  - [Understanding Flux, 2014.05](https://medium.com/@garychambers108/f93e9f650af7)
  - [Flux: An Application Architecture for React, 2014.05](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2014/05/06/flux.html)
  - [Discussion on HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7719957)

## Articles
  - [Simplifying Code with React - KEVIN DANGOOR, 2014.05](http://www.kevindangoor.com/2014/05/simplifying-code-with-react/)
  - [React.js with Django, 2014.05](http://blog.vrplumber.com/b/2014/05/15/reactjs-django/)
  - [Rendering to iFrames in React, 2014.05](http://developer.zendesk.com/blog/2014/05/13/rendering-to-iframes-in-react/)
  - [Removing User Interface Complexity, or Why React is Awesome - 2014.05](http://jlongster.com/Removing-User-Interface-Complexity,-or-Why-React-is-Awesome) + [Hacker News Discussion](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7738194)
  - [Flux: An Application Architecture for React - 2014.05](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2014/05/06/flux.html)
  - [React PhoneCat: Rewriting the AngularJS Tutorial App in React - 2014.05](http://jgebhardt.github.io/blog/react-phonecat/)
  - [A Thrown-to-the-Wolves-Hands-On Introduction to React Part 2 (2014.05.05)](http://tech.pro/blog/2044/a-thrown-to-the-wolves-hands-on-introduction-to-react-part-2)
  - [React - Another Level of Indirection](http://www.lispcast.com/react-another-level-of-indirection)
  - HackerNews discussions:
    - [The Road to React 1.0 - 2014.03](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7489959)
  - [React Demystified - 2014.02](http://blog.reverberate.org/2014/02/react-demystified.html)
  - [Architecting Your App with React - Part 1, 2014.03](http://lincolnloop.com/blog/architecting-your-app-react-part-1/)
  - [JSConf.eu - React: Rethinking best practices, 2013.12](http://juristr.com/blog/2013/12/react-rethingking-best-practices/)
  - [Writing good React components, 2013.12](http://blog.whn.se/post/69621609605/writing-good-react-components)
  - [Remarkable React, 2013.08](http://www.phpied.com/remarkable-react/)
  - [Facebook React Example – QuizTime, 2013.09](http://bold-it.com/javascript/facebook-react-example/)




## Videos
  - [YUI Open Roundtable with Pete Hunt on React, 2014.05](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLfe0i2RDtY&feature=youtu.be)
  - [Hacker Way: Rethinking Web App Development at Facebook - FLUX  + React.js (2014.05.04)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYkdrAPrdcw&list=PLb0IAmt7-GS188xDYE-u1ShQmFFGbrk0v)
  - [Be Predictable, Not Correct - MountainWest JavaScript 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3KksH8gfcQ)
  - [Be predictable, not correct - 2014.03](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7A6EUe3XGM)
  - [Tom Occhino and Jordan Walke - Introduction to React.js- 2013.07](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxVg_s8xAms)
  - [Pete Hunt: React: Rethinking best practices -- JSConf EU 2013](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7cQ3mrcKaY&feature=youtu.be)
  - [Joe Dev on Tech - Stoyan Stefanov - Introduction to React](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMMRJif5QW0) 18:07(simple example)
  - [Super VanJS 2013: Steven Luscher - Developing UI with React.js](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=1OeXsL5mr4g)


## Presentations
  - [Components, not Templates, Paulo Ragonha - 2014.05](http://paulo.ragonha.me/talks/react/)
  - [Conquering State, 2014.05](https://speakerdeck.com/matthewwithanm/conquering-state)
  - [Reactjs - Build UI Change over Time, 2014.03](http://prezi.com/pa3wb_qibajw/reactjs-build-ui-change-over-times/)
  - [The case for React.js and Clojurescript - 2014.05](http://murilopereira.com/the-case-for-reactjs-and-clojurescript/)
  - [React.js - The DOM as a Persistent Data Structure, 2014.03](https://github.com/zerokarmaleft/reactjs-presentation/blob/master/reactjs-the-dom-as-a-persistent-data-structure.pdf?raw=true)
  - http://www.phpied.com/files/react/slides.html
  - http://slid.es/johnlynch/reactjs
  - [Frontend Components in React, 2013.10](http://rz.scale-it.pl/2013/10/20/frontend_components_in_react.html)
  - [Slides for MIT class, 2014](http://6.470.scripts.mit.edu/2014/slides/React-MIT.pdf)


## Real Projects

  - https://instantdomainsearch.com/
  - http://bripkens.github.io/relato/
  - https://turbo-react.herokuapp.com/
  - http://react-bootstrap.github.io/


## Tutorials
  - [Tutorials on medium.com for React.js](https://medium.com/react-tutorials)
  - [Thinking in React, 2013.11](http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2013/11/05/thinking-in-react.html)
  - [Building a real-time frosted glass effect on mobile web](https://medium.com/p/87ce4a41019f)
  - http://www.thomasboyt.com/2013/12/17/using-reactjs-as-a-backbone-view.html
  - http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/intro-to-the-react-framework--net-35660
  - http://www.webdesignporto.com/react-js-with-backbone-router-and-local-storage/
  - [Bi-directional infinite scrolling](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20870448/reactjs-modeling-bi-directional-infinite-scrolling/20872497#20872497)


## GITHUB
  - https://github.com/reactjs/react-magic.git
  - https://github.com/chenglou/react-lights-out.git
  - https://github.com/jalehman/react-tutorial-om.git
  - https://github.com/facebook/react-page.git
  - https://github.com/facebook/react-page-middleware.git
  - https://github.com/ssorallen/turbo-react.git


## Testing
  - http://myshareoftech.com/2013/12/unit-testing-react-dot-js-with-jasmine-and-karma.html
  - http://www.jjask.com/512799/how-simulate-browser-events-when-writing-tests-for-react-js
  - https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/src/test/ReactTestUtils.js


## React.js VS ...
  - http://www.quora.com/Pete-Hunt/Posts/Facebooks-React-vs-AngularJS-A-Closer-Look
  - http://www.dustingetz.com/2013/09/12/comparison-knockout-angular-react.html


## React With Rails
  - http://bensmithett.com/server-rendered-react-components-in-rails/
  - https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/reactjs/eUespJPdyas/hmJywyo9ZSwJ
  - https://github.com/bensmithett/sample-react-rails-app


## React + Coffee
  - http://blog.vjeux.com/2013/javascript/react-coffeescript.html
  - https://github.com/atom/react-coffee
  - https://github.com/elucidata/react-tags-brunch
  - https://github.com/darthapo/new-react-simple




<!-- PROJECTS_LIST_START -->
    *** GENERATED BY https://github.com/mindreframer/techwatcher (ruby _sh/pull reactjs-stuff) ***

    andreypopp/react-async:
      Async rendering for React components
       90 commits, last change: 2014-04-01 22:45:30, 44 stars, 8 forks

    andreypopp/react-quickstart:
      React project template with server-side UI rendering and routing
       40 commits, last change: 2014-02-27 20:48:09, 112 stars, 14 forks

    andreypopp/react-router-component:
      Declarative router component for React
       276 commits, last change: 2014-04-10 11:41:19, 145 stars, 22 forks

    andreypopp/react-stylesheet:
      A component for React to declare stylesheet dependencies for your reusable components
       29 commits, last change: 2014-03-05 01:53:22 +0100, 2 stars, 3 forks

    arudenko/ReactjsUnitTest:
      Unit Testing React.js with Jasmine and Karma
       20 commits, last change: , 8 stars, 1 forks

    atom/react-coffee:
      Can react play nicely with CoffeeScript? I think it can.
       16 commits, last change: 2014-03-16 20:07:33, 95 stars, 3 forks

    atom/reactionary:
      Basic helpers for building React DOM nodes in CoffeeScript.
       12 commits, last change: 2014-03-27 21:19:26, 8 stars, 2 forks

    augustl/react-nashorn-example:
      A poc of rendering a React single page app on the server for the initial page load.
       40 commits, last change: 2014-03-22 12:56:13, 54 stars, 4 forks

    bensmithett/sample-react-rails-app:
      Sample Rails app with server-rendered React components
       10 commits, last change: 2014-05-09 19:12:08, 6 stars, 1 forks

    bgerm/react-table-sorter-demo:
      A React.js Table Sorter Component
       9 commits, last change: 2014-01-02 01:15:27, 16 stars, 1 forks

    BinaryMuse/imgsible:
      React-based Imgur-like isomorphic demo app
       52 commits, last change: 2014-03-22 22:13:55, 14 stars, 1 forks

    BoldBigflank/qtserver:
      Qu.izti.me - Buffalo Wild Wings style trivia for everywhere
       45 commits, last change: 2013-05-19 13:16:27, 1 stars, 0 forks

    bripkens/relato:
      Open Source Project Statistics
       20 commits, last change: , 10 stars, 0 forks

    capacitorjs/capacitor:
      Reactive MVC based on event streams
       57 commits, last change: 2014-05-12 11:15:05 -0700, 11 stars, 1 forks

    chenglou/react-lights-out:
      Simple demo of the React framework's power and flexibility.
       9 commits, last change: , 9 stars, 1 forks

    darthapo/new-react-simple:
      Simple ReactJS + CoffeeScript skeleton includes: react-brunch, react-brunch-tags, elucidata-react-coffee
       5 commits, last change: 2014-03-21 10:22:16, 3 stars, 0 forks

    dbashford/MimosaReactBackboneTodoList:
      A Mimosa skeleton integrating React, Backbone, Require.js, and Bower.
       4 commits, last change: , 0 stars, 0 forks

    duncanbeevers/jade-react:
      Compile Jade templates to React.DOM expressions
       40 commits, last change: 2014-02-16 20:29:28, 43 stars, 5 forks

    elucidata/react-tags-brunch:
      Adds React.js tag interpolation to brunch.
       5 commits, last change: , 2 stars, 1 forks

    insin/newforms-examples:
      Examples repository for newforms / React
       19 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 19:19:04, 1 stars, 0 forks

    insin/newforms:
      Isomorphic form-handling for React
       639 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 17:26:04, 71 stars, 3 forks

    jaredly/github-issues-viewer:
      A gitub issues viewer build in react + backbone
       28 commits, last change: 2014-01-05 01:23:33, 27 stars, 5 forks

    jgebhardt/react-phonecat:
      Rewrite of the Angular tutorial in React
       13 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 11:23:45, 4 stars, 0 forks

    jsdf/coffee-jsx-transformer:
      moved to coffee-react-transform
       2 commits, last change: , 0 stars, 0 forks

    jsdf/coffee-react-transform:
      Provides React JSX support for Coffeescript
       46 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 22:43:03 +0800, 29 stars, 2 forks

    Khan/perseus:
      Perseus is Khan Academy's new exercise question editor and renderer.
       787 commits, last change: 2014-05-13 14:15:25, 75 stars, 29 forks

    matthewwithanm/react-mediaswitch:
      Choose your DOM based on media queries
       13 commits, last change: 2014-03-27 02:52:17, 26 stars, 0 forks

    mquan/cortex:
      A javascript library for centrally managing data with React
       90 commits, last change: 2014-05-07 05:13:43, 161 stars, 10 forks

    petehunt/react-touch:
      React photo viewer for mobile
       135 commits, last change: 2013-12-09 00:43:58, 133 stars, 7 forks

    petehunt/wolfenstein3D-react:
      html5-wolfenstein3D
       18 commits, last change: 2013-08-23 03:28:33, 7 stars, 7 forks

    prometheusresearch/react-autocomplete:
      Autocomplete widget based on Facebook React
       3 commits, last change: 2014-04-30 12:40:19 +0400, 4 stars, 1 forks

    prometheusresearch/react-grid:

       10 commits, last change: 2014-04-30 12:37:43 +0400, 9 stars, 0 forks

    ryanseddon/react-frame-component:
      Render your React app to an iFrame
       16 commits, last change: 2014-05-19 20:08:56 +1000, 2 stars, 1 forks

    stevoland/react-bootstrap:
      Bootstrap 3 components built with React
       217 commits, last change: 2014-05-13 11:39:15, 223 stars, 20 forks

    wingspan/wingspan-forms:
      a dynamic form library for Facebook React, providing abstractions for building dynamic forms and controlled grids. Widgets provided by Telerik's KendoUI.
       381 commits, last change: 2014-05-12 12:32:17, 56 stars, 4 forks

    yanns/react-unit-test:
      Unit Test a ReactJS application
       14 commits, last change: , 2 stars, 0 forks
<!-- PROJECTS_LIST_END -->
